Date: 4 February 2015
Author: Jen Diamond

## Launchy & Learn to Code with Friends

###### David Turner - Kaliza Falzone - Jen Diamond

We worked at the Explorary Space in Culver City tonight. It was the location of the 
Learn to Code with Friends Meetup. Hosts Arbind and Steven Hsieh helped up with 
some questions we had a bout yml and tried to help us trouble shoot the launchy error.

### We learned a few thing tonight which are very useful

+ We learned how to start working with the yaml file so we can call it.
+ We verified that we know how to call the yml file with a simple program.
+ We learned where the .bashrc is in a vagrant file and how to set environment variables.
+ We wrote a features test.
+ We discovered that launchy's save_and_opn_page method does not work in Vagrant because Vagrant has no browser

    1) Emerald goes to adv1/obj2 page Emerald enters adventure/1/objective/learn as url  
     Failure/Error: visit 'adventure/1/objective/2/learn'  
     ActionController::RoutingError:  
       No route matches [GET] "/adventure/1/objective/2/learn"  
     `# ./spec/features/emerald_adventure_1_objective_2_spec.rb:5:in `block (2 levels) in <top (required)>'`  

    Emerald visits adventure 1 objective 1 learns about the narrative  
     Failure/Error: save_and_open_page  
     Launchy::CommandNotFoundError:  
       Unable to find a browser command.

#### After much searching I figured out the launchy problem. 

We have a line of code in the spec/features/emerald_adventures_1_objectives_1_spec.rb that reads save_and_open_page

This line is a method of launchy.  
It is a debugger that opens the page in a browswer and runs that test for you to actually view it. 
Shown here in this RailsCast about 5minutes 30seconds in 
[http://railscasts.com/episodes/257-request-specs-and-capybara](http://railscasts.com/episodes/257-request-specs-and-capybara)

In a virtual box there is no gui browser to be found, therefore it cannot open a browser to show the page.

I found this by looking at the launchy gem github issues page to see if other people had this bug. https://github.com/copiousfreetime/launchy/issues

and I found this: [https://github.com/copiousfreetime/launchy/issues/86](https://github.com/copiousfreetime/launchy/issues/86)

#### Interesting things I found on the way...

I managed to find where to change that line in the launchy gem that the person on stackoverflow 
suggested but it did not solve the problem. I even halted vagrant, closed the terminal and 
reoped the terminal and relaunched vagrant but it still did not work.
[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16137410/launchyapplicationnotfounderror](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16137410/launchyapplicationnotfounderror)

    $ vagrant up  
    $ vagrant ssh  
    $ cd /vagrant  
    $ cd featsofdaring  
    $ cd ~/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.1.4/gems/launchy-2.4.3  
    $ vim lib/launchy/applications/browser.rb

    $ cd /  #to go back to the vagrant  
    $ cd /vagrant  
    $ cd featsofdaring  
    $ bundle install  
    $ bundle exec rspec spec

#### To get to the .bashrc in a Vagrant instance

    $ vagrant up  
    $ vagrant ssh  #all the homefiles are there  
    $ ls -a

#### Cabybara Cheatsheet

[http://www.launchacademy.com/codecabulary/learn-test-driven-development/rspec/capybara-cheat-sheet](http://www.launchacademy.com/codecabulary/learn-test-driven-development/rspec/capybara-cheat-sheet)

#### An example of yml code that we might learn from

    config.before_configuration do
      env_file = File.join(Rails.root, 'config', 'local_env.yml')
      YAML.load(File.open(env_file)).each do |key, value|
        ENV[key.to_s] = value
      end if File.exists?(env_file)
    end

The code opens the config/local_env.yml file, reads each key/value pair, and sets environment variables.

The code only runs if the file exists. If the file exists, the code overrides ENV variables set in the 
Unix shell. If you prefer to set environment variables in the Unix shell, don’t create the 
config/local_env.yml file.

`$ bundle open <gemname>`
Opens the source directory of the given bundled gem

----------------------------------------

**Environment variables** are strings that contain information about the environment for the system, 
and the currently logged on user. Some software programs use the information to determine where 
to place files (such as temporary files).
[http://railsapps.github.io/rails-environment-variables.html](http://railsapps.github.io/rails-environment-variables.html)

[https://rubygems.org/gems/launchy](https://rubygems.org/gems/launchy)  
**Launchy** is helper class for launching cross-platform applications in a fire and forget manner. 
There are application concepts (browser, email client, etc) that are common across all platforms, 
and they may be launched differently on each platform. Launchy is here to make a common approach 
to launching external application from within ruby programs.

#### THE TEST

`response.status.should_be(200)` This could be helpful with our expe cted response code for the review section.

#### I updated the deprecated test so we no longer get this warning:

    **Deprecation Warnings:**

    Using `should` from rspec-expectations' old `:should` syntax without explicitly enabling 
    the syntax is deprecated. Use the new `:expect` syntax or explicitly enable `:should` instead. 
    Called from /vagrant/featsofdaring/spec/features/emerald_comes_to_the_site_spec.rb:11:in `block 
    (2 levels) in <top (required)>'.

    If you need more of the backtrace for any of these deprecations to
    identify where to make the necessary changes, you can configure
    `config.raise_errors_for_deprecations!`, and it will turn the
    deprecation warnings into errors, giving you the full backtrace.

**The first commented out line is the deprecated syntax**   
`#page.find('.large-illustration')['src'].should have_content`  
  `'assets/adventure-one-intro.jpg'`
  
**The next commented out line is where we had tried to update it before to no avail**    
  `#expect(page).to have_css('img', text: 'adventure-one-intro.jpg')`
  
**This is the test that actually works:**  
  `expect(page).to have_css("img[src*='adventure-one-intro.jpg']")`

---------------------

    require 'rails_helper'  

    feature 'Emerald comes to the site' do  
      scenario 'Emerald goes to adventure 1' do  
       visit '/'   
        click_on 'Start Adventure 1'  
        expect(page).to have_content 'The curious cat'  
      end  
      scenario 'Emerald sees the image on the right' do  
        visit '/'  
        #page.find('.large-illustration')['src'].should have_content  
          'assets/adventure-one-intro.jpg'  
        #expect(page).to have_css('img', text: 'adventure-one-intro.jpg')  
        expect(page).to have_css("img[src*='adventure-one-intro.jpg']")  
      end  
    end
    
**To test that the test worked I took out the lines in the file**  
  `app/views/home/index.html`

    <div class="col-xs-6 right outline top-padding">  
      <%= image_tag("adventure-one-intro.jpg", class: "large-illustration") %>  
    </div>

**I ran the test and received this error:**

    Emerald comes to the site Emerald sees the image on the right  
     Failure/Error: expect(page).to have_css("img[src*='adventure-one-intro.jpg']")  
       expected to find css "img[src*='adventure-one-intro.jpg']" but there were no matches  

#### I fixed the last error

    Emerald goes to adv1/obj2 page Emerald enters adventure/1/objective/learn as url  
     Failure/Error: visit 'adventure/1/objective/2/learn'  
     ActionController::RoutingError:  
       No route matches [GET] "/adventure/1/objective/2/learn"

**We had an error in the path in the file:**  
`spec/features/emerald_adventure_1_objective_2_spec.rb`

We wrote:
adventure/1/objective/2/learn

When it needed to be:
adventures/1/objectives/2/learn


### Now we have all pasing tests and we can continue on to the next story.

    Pending:
    ObjectivesController#review (with correct answer to 'challenge') receives input and evaluates Ruby
    `# Temporarily skipped with xit`
    `# ./spec/controllers/objectives_controller_spec.rb:5`

    Finished in 6.31 seconds (files took 2.78 seconds to load)
    18 examples, 0 failures, 1 pending

=================================
