Date: 24 March 2015
Author: Jen Diamond

## Fixins

###### David Turner - Jen Diamond - Adam H. Kaplan - Steven Nguyen

Tonight we worked out of Pivotal Labs during their Exteme Pairing Meetup. We started out by running the tests.

app/views/chapters/objective3.html.erb

Our final commit was

###### Remove error status codes from Objective.

Fix faulty controller action from 'repl' path to 'review' path.

Add real text to Adventure 1 YML.

Add spec for ID #84269684.

**The first problems were to change the repl_paths to review_paths**

Then the repl could submit properly. 

app/views/chapters/objective2.html.erb

    -        <%= form_tag repl_adventure_objective_path(1, 1) do %>
    +        <%= form_tag review_adventure_objective_path(1, 1) do %>
  
app/views/chapters/objective3.html.erb

    -        <%= form_tag repl_adventure_objective_path(1, 1) do %>
    +        <%= form_tag review_adventure_objective_path(1, 1) do %>
    
**The next challenge was to figure out the new adventure yml**

I added all the text to the adventure yml in config/locale/adventure_01_net_http.yml
We changed the spec to work with the new text.

spec/features/emerald_adventures_1_objectives_1_spec.rb

    -      expect(page).to have_content 'review one'
    +      expect(page).to have_content 'You just made a call'


We were showing Steven how the string interpolation was working in this view.

app/views/objectives/review.html.erb

    <%= simple_format t("adventure_#{params[:adventure_id]}_net_http.objective_#{params[:id]}.review")%>
    
We realized that the name of the path this string is creating is 
`adventure_1_net_http.objective_1.review` and what it was calling in the yaml was called
`adventure_01_net_http.objective_1.review` which did not match.

So we changed the name of the field and got rid of the 0. Then all the tests passed.

We added a new test to `spec/features/emerald_adventure_1_objective_2_spec.rb` to check
to see that there was a photo on the obj2 page.

    +  scenario 'Emerald sees the Objective 2 image' do
    +    visit 'adventures/1/objectives/2/learn'
    +    expect(page).to have_css("img[src*='well-sm.jpg']")
    +  end

This also commits an old change that was made where we deleted the status code in the 
argument call to Objective.new.

spec/models/objective_spec.rb

    -      @objective = Objective.new('1', '1', 'objective 1', '301')
    +      @objective = Objective.new('1', '1', 'objective 1')
    -      expect(@objective.expected_output).to eq('301')

    -      @objective1 = Objective.new('1', '1', 'Objective 1', '301')
    -      @objective2 = Objective.new('1', '2', 'Objective 2', '404')
    -      @objective3 = Objective.new('2', '1', 'Objective 1', '200')
    +      @objective1 = Objective.new('1', '1', 'Objective 1')
    +      @objective2 = Objective.new('1', '2', 'Objective 2')
    +      @objective3 = Objective.new('2', '1', 'Objective 1')


**Next session we want to make sure that the url reads**

adventure/1/objective/1/review  
not  
adventure/1/objective/1/repl

 

  

