Date: 22 June 2015  
Author: Jesse Jennings  

# Down the Rabbit Hole We Go

irb - Interactive Ruby - REPL - Read, Evaluate, Print, Loop

DSL - Domain Specific Language (markdown, haml, or rspec) - Similar to
Pig-Latin, a dsl, needs a base-language to act upon, such as, HTML.  
Markdown(.md/.mdown) is to HTML as Pig-Latin is to English. 

[Ruby-doc.org](http://ruby-doc.org/) - Ruby Standard Library(group of libraries written in Ruby).
Models determine which data gets in, and which data is let out. Some people
refer to this behavior as the "business logic" of an application.
An important convention in the Rails community is that models should be "fat"
and controllers should be "skinny". This means that all of the business logic
should be stored in the models, and the controllers should simply handle
requests from the views and generate responses with data retrieved by the
models. The controllers act as middle-men in this capacity.

Views are the skinniest MVC component of all. Generally, you should try to
avoid any "business logic" at all in the view. Views should take prepared data
and present it -- almost nothing more.

Migrating the Database

The foreign key naming convention of post_id was enforced when you ran the
model generator above. The post_id attribute was automatically created in the
Comment model when you generated the model with the post:references argument.

The index on the references line tells the database to index the post_id
column, so it can be searched more quickly. This is generally a good idea for
foreign keys, and happens automatically when you generate references.
