Date: 22 June 2015  
Author: Jesse Jennings  

# Down the Rabbit Hole We Go

irb - Interactive Ruby - REPL - Read, Evaluate, Print, Loop

DSL - Domain Specific Language (markdown, haml, or rspec) - Similar to
Pig-Latin, a dsl, needs a base-language to act upon, such as, HTML.  
Markdown(.md/.mdown) is to HTML as Pig-Latin is to English. 

[Ruby-doc.org](http://ruby-doc.org/)  
Ruby Standard Library(group of libraries written in Ruby).

We fixed the issue with this blog that would not allow us to see the archive of all the posts. We did a quick fix by posting all the posts for the year but still have to resolve the issue of being able to post by the month. We created a new issue for that so we can work on it later when we have time. 

-----

### Models

**Business Logic** - which data is let out of the Models

A Rails convention is that models should be "fat" and controllers should be "skinny".  

This means that all of the business logic should be stored in the models,  
and the controllers should simply handle requests from the views and generate 
responses with data retrieved by the models. The controllers act as middle-men in this capacity.

Try to avoid any "business logic" at all in the view.  
Views should take *prepared data* and present it -- almost nothing more.

Migrating the Database

`rails g model Comment name:string post:references`

The foreign key **post_id** attribute is automatically created in the
Comment model when you generate the model with the **post:references** argument.

In the migration table post:references will translate to `t.references :post, index: true` 
The index on the references line has the database go to index the `post_id` column, so the search is fatser.  
This is generally a good idea for foreign keys, and happens automatically when you **generate references**.
