Date: 10 July 2014
Author: Omowale Oniyide

# Gaining Velocity

Thursday, Week 2, Day 7, Wale, Jen, Steph, Rob, Jalil, Pivot Eric and Pivot Michael

<br>Mob Programming 101</br>

As of this date we have been enjoying our experiences with Mob Programming. Using 10-15 minute time we engage in a programming version of musical chairs. The person who ends up at the keyboard acts as a “driver”. Their job when sitting at the keyboard is to accept commands from the navigator. The person who ends up sitting to the immediate right of the driver acts as a “navigator”. The navigator issues commands to the driver. The other people in the mob act as secondary navigators on call for support when the navigator needs help. When both the navigator and the secondary navigators are stumped, the driver offer guidance. When the entire team is stumped they can either seek outside help or search online for solutions. 

<hr />
<br>Strength in Numbers</br>

The idea behind mob programming is strength in numbers. The number of interruptions that occur due to searching for answers and asking for help from someone not directly present is dramatically reduced. In Mob Programming someone in the room often has the answer or a suggestion.. 

<br>Accelerated Learning Environment</br>

One important benefit of mob programming is its ability to establish a consistent environment. People who have varying levels of programming experience and familiarity with the project can smoothly join in. When a question arises it often informs more than just the person who asked the question. The entire group learns and advances in both their knowledge and their project at an accelerated rate compared to working alone. 